hi guys HCG chica I wanted to show you
guys today
a real live before and after in a skirt
that I wore when I first started the HCG
diet
I started at 172 pounds and I was a size
16 um however that all of my six teens
were really snug so I probably should
have been wearing an 18 but instead of
shopping for a size 18 I came across the
HCG diet and the rest is history
so anyway I'm gonna show you guys myself
today in a skirt that I wore when I
first started in February 2011 on the
HCG diet as a size 16 okay so it's me
guys so just like she does it's me
because my heads cut off in a video but
um so this is me today I'm actually 127
pounds right now I'm about nineteen
percent body fat maybe 20 and um just
you can see what I look like so this is
a skirt this is a size 16 skirt that I
wore when I first started the diet um so
I just want you to see you know how big
it was
so this skirt fit me it was actually
probably tight so you can see just how
much how much space there is so I
actually haven't tried measuring this
but if you look at I mean this is this
is at least eight and a half inches from
here to here see that see it's still me
I'm not faking anything so you couldn't
fit quite two of me in here but I could
definitely fit a small child like
probably my son who's three years old
I've actually lost close to 40 pounds of
fat so and as you can see it's it's so
big that it just falls off and then this
is me today so anyway I hope that's
helpful one other thing I wanted to do
was to show you guys my current
measurements so my waist I always do the
smallest part of my waist right now is
about 27 27 inches and my belly area
here that's 31 and a half inches my hips
are about 37 so anyway I hope you guys
find that useful
I can't believe to be honest that I was
that much bigger I had kind of gotten to
the point where I was I guess you could
say I was used to myself even though I
actually did spend most of my teenage
years being a kind of a thin fit person
um when I got overweight of course at
first when I first started gaining
weight it was really devastating for me
but you know after a few years and when
it became when I got into the situation
where I really couldn't do much about it
I had very bad health at the time and I
couldn't exercise I was very depressed
and so um basically I got used to myself
I just kind of adjusted my mindset to
just feel like well this is just how I'm
gonna have to be the rest of my life you
know and then you know accidentally I
came across the HCG diet and you know at
first I admit I sounded too good to be
true
um but yeah at the same time you know I
thought to myself if it really did work
you know that could be my only hope for
getting my my body back so I fully
researched it and that's something that
I really recommend you guys doing as
well if you're new to the protocol
that's why my website HCG chica com
that's why I try to add so much content
there and I try to be very detailed and
comprehensive about the information I
add because I think it's really useful
and important to you know gather as much
information about the site as you can
before and while you're on it as well so
anyway so I am actually a site I was a
size two at the end of Round five I was
a hundred and seventeen point pounds at
that point actually and I was seventeen
point nine percent body fat which is
pretty low I didn't know if I could
actually maintain that or not at this
moment I am 127 son 10 pounds hi
than that so it seems like I'm a comfy
size 4 and I've been a comfortable size
for now for um I guess actually it's
closing in on a year and a half possibly
but at least a year so anyway I hope you
guys find that helpful if you need any
help learning more about the HCG diet or
knowing where to purchase HCG or
anything like that you can go to my
website
HCG chika calm also my facebook page is
go HCG diet feel free to like me on
there that page is kind of rather new
and also you can find me on Pinterest
my name is Reza lamb and I am just
loving Pinterest as a great way to put
um you know I recipe ideas for both p2
and p3 especially in p4 and also I got
some before and after inspirational HCG
success stories that I've seen myself on
there as well so you guys have a good
day take care bye
you